KANO WORLD TERMS OF USE

Dated: 27th May 2014

PLEASE READ CAREFULLY BEFORE USING KANO WORLD.

This Kano World terms of use agreement (together with the documents referred to in it) (this “agreement”) is a legal agreement between you and Kano Computing Limited of 20 Waterson Street, London E2 8HL, United Kingdom (“Kano”, “us” or “we”) for use of our Kano World platform (“Kano World”).

By using Kano World and/or registering as a user, you must read, agree with and accept all of the terms and conditions contained in this agreement. This agreement is provided to you and concluded in English. You agree that any use by you of Kano World shall constitute your acceptance to this agreement. We recommend that you store or print-off a copy of this agreement (including all policies) for your records.

If you are a parent, legal guardian or teacher of a user under the age of 13, please take note of clause 5.4.

If you do not agree to the terms of this agreement, please refrain from using Kano World.

1 accessing kano world

1.1 In consideration of you agreeing to abide by the terms of this agreement, we hereby grant to you, on the terms of this agreement, a non-exclusive, non-transferable, licence to:

(a) access Kano World via the website, http://world.kano.me (the “Website”);

(b) access Kano World via our operating system (“Kano OS”);

(c) submit, upload or post Content (as defined below) on Kano World (whether via the Website, the Kano OS or both) strictly as permitted in this agreement and any other applicable terms posted on the Website (or made available to you) from time to time; and

(d) communicate with other members of Kano World strictly in accordance with this agreement.

1.2 By accessing Kano World, registering for an account, or by viewing, accessing, streaming, uploading or downloading any information or Content to/from Kano World you represent and warrant that you have read and understood this agreement and will abide by all of the terms contained in this agreement.

1.3 Access to Kano World is permitted on a temporary basis for your private purposes only.  We reserve the right to withdraw or amend all or any part of Kano World without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason Kano World is unavailable at any time or for any period.

1.4 From time to time, we may restrict access to all of any part of Kano World.

1.5 When you visit Kano World, you are communicating with us electronically and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we send to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.

1.6 If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any third party. We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of this agreement.

1.7 You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to Kano World.

1.8 You must not knowingly introduce viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to Kano World, the server on which the Website is stored or any server, computer or database connected to Kano World. You must not attack Kano World via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.

1.9 If you breach clause 1.8, you will be committing a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, we reserve the right to immediately cease your right to use Kano World.

2 Description of Kano World

2.1 Kano World is a hosting service. Users of Kano World may submit, upload and post audio, text, photos, videos, pictures, comments, and other data or information (“Content”), which will be stored by Kano at the direction of such users, and may be shared and distributed by Kano with you and other users of Kano World using the tools and features provided as part of Kano World. Kano World also enables you to interact with one another, and enables any user of Kano World to view, comment on and share Content uploaded and made available on Kano World.

2.2 We may, from time to time, release new tools and resources on Kano World or introduce other services and/or features for Kano World. Any new services and features will be subject to this agreement as well as any addition terms of use that we may release for those specific services or features.

3 Other applicable terms

This agreement refers to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of Kano World:

(a) our acceptable use policy (http://world.kano.me/acceptable-use-policy), which sets out the permitted uses and prohibited uses of Kano World. When using Kano World, you must comply with this acceptable use policy.

(b) our privacy and cookie policy (http://world.kano.me/privacy-policy), which sets out (i) the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us; and (ii) information about the cookies on the Website. By using Kano World, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.

4 Changes to these terms

We may revise this agreement at any time by amending this page.  Please check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you.

5 Your account

5.1 You are not obliged to register to use Kano World. However, parts of Kano World are only available to registered users.

5.2 If you are under 13 years of age, you may only use Kano World if: (i) you provide us with a parent’s, legal guardians’, or teacher’s (as applicable) valid email address; and (ii) your account is validated by your parent, legal guardian, or teacher within 14 days.  If you are 13 years of age or more, but less than 16 years of age you may use Kano World only if you have obtained your parent(s)’ or legal guardian(s)’ permission.

5.3 If you are under 13 years of age and your account is not validated within 14 days by your parent, legal guardian, or teacher (as applicable), we will automatically disable and delete your account.   You must not use your account until your parent, legal guardian or teacher (as applicable) has validated your account and agreed to the terms of this agreement.

5.4 Each parent, legal guardian or teacher of a user under the age of 13 hereby agrees to be bound by the terms of this agreement on behalf of such user in every way as if such parent, legal guardian or teacher had been a party to this agreement.  You also undertake to ensure that such user abides by the terms of this agreement.

5.5 When you register to use Kano World, you will provide us with your email address and a password for your account. You must ensure that the email address that you provide (including the email address of your parent, legal guardian or teacher (if applicable)) is, and remains, valid. Your email address and any other information you chose to provide about yourself will be treated in accordance with our Privacy and Cookie Policy.

5.6 We reserve the right to disallow, cancel, remove or reassign certain accounts and links in appropriate circumstances, as determined by us in our sole discretion, and may, with or without prior notice, suspend or terminate your account if activities occur on that account which, in our sole discretion, would or might constitute a breach of this agreement, or an infringement or violation of the rights of any third party, or of any applicable laws or regulations.

6 safety and your content

6.1 We will do our best to keep Kano World safe, but we cannot guarantee it.

6.2 You agree that when using Kano World you will comply with all applicable laws and the terms of this agreement. In particular, but without limitation, you agree not to:

(a) use Kano World in any unlawful manner or in a manner which promotes or encourages illegal activity; or

(b) breach any law, statute, contract, or regulation;

(c) act in a manner that is obscene, defamatory, libelous, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing;

(d) provide false, inaccurate or misleading information;

(e) use an anonymising proxy; or

(f) attempt to gain unauthorised access to Kano World or any networks, servers or computer systems connected to Kano World.

(together the “Restricted Activities”)

6.3 Except as expressly set out in this agreement or as permitted by any local law, you undertake:

(a) not to rent, lease, sub-license, loan, translate, merge, adapt, vary or modify Kano World or your access to the Website;

(b) not to engage in any of the Restricted Activities, nor control an account that is linked to any of the Restricted Activities;

(c) not to make alterations to, or modifications of, the whole or any part of Kano World nor permit Kano World or any part of it to be combined with, or become incorporated in, any other programs or websites;

(d) not to disassemble, de-compile, reverse engineer or create derivative works based on the whole or any part of Kano World;

(e) to include the copyright notice of Kano on all entire and partial copies of Kano World in any form; or

(f) not to provide, or otherwise make available, Kano World in any form, in whole or in part (including, but not limited to, program listings, object and source program listings, object code and source code) to any person without prior written consent from us.

6.4 Notwithstanding clauses 6.2 and 6.3, you agree to indemnify us in full and on demand from and against any loss, damage, costs or expenses which Kano suffers or incurs directly or indirectly as a result of your use of Kano World otherwise than in accordance with this agreement or any applicable laws.

6.5 You warrant to us that all the information you provide to Kano is true and accurate to the best of your knowledge.

6.6 Kano does not claim any ownership rights in your Content, and you hereby expressly acknowledge and agree that your Content remains you sole responsibility.

6.7 If you become aware of any Content (including Content uploaded or shared by third parties) that is inappropriate, illegal, infringing or otherwise breaches the Acceptable Use Policy, you agree to notify us as soon as possible by flagging such Content for our attention.

7 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

7.1 We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights on Kano World, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.

7.2 The trade marks, service marks, and logos (“Trade Marks”) contained on Kano World are owned by Kano, our group companies or third party partners of Kano. You cannot use, copy, edit, vary, reproduce, publish, display, distribute, store, transmit, commercially exploit or disseminate the Trade Marks without the prior written consent of Kano, the relevant group company or the relevant third party partner of Kano.

7.3 You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.

7.4 Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on Kano World must always be acknowledged.

7.5 You must not use any part of the content on Kano World for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.

7.6 If you print off, copy or download any part of Kano World in breach of this agreement, your right to use Kano World will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.

8 UPLOADING CONTENT TO Kano World

8.1 Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload Content to Kano World, or to make contact with other users of Kano World, you must comply with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy: http://world.kano.me/acceptable-use-policy

8.2 You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty.

8.3 Any content you upload to Kano World or share with other users is intended only to be viewable by your Kano World followers but we cannot guarantee this.

8.4 By uploading or posting Content to Kano World, you initiate an automated process to direct Kano to store the Content on our servers, and authorise the use, reproduction, transmission, distribution, public display, public performance, making available and other communication to the public of the Content by Kano on Kano World.

8.5 To the extent it is necessary in order for Kano to provide you with any services that you request, to undertake any of the tasks set forth in this agreement and/or to enable your use of Kano World, you hereby grant to Kano a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty free and fully paid licence to, without limitation, use, sublicence, copy, repost, transmit or otherwise distribute, publicly display, publicly perform, adapt, prepare derivative works of, compile, make available and otherwise communicate to the public the Content at your direction.

8.6 Content is the property of the user who uploaded it, and is or may be subject to copyright, trade mark rights or other intellectual property or proprietary rights. Such Content may not be downloaded, reproduced, distributed, sold, licensed, made available or otherwise communicated to the public or exploited for any purposes except via the features of Kano World from time to time and within the parameters set up the uploading user of the Website or with the express written consent of that user. Where you repost another user’s Content, or include another user’s Content in your post, you acquire no ownership rights whatsoever in that Content.

8.7 We have the absolute right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any content posted or uploaded by you to Kano World constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.

8.8 We will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any content posted by you or any other user on Kano World.

8.9 We have the right to remove any posting you make on Kano World if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy: http://world.kano.me/acceptable-use-policy

8.10 The views expressed by other users on Kano World do not represent our views or values.

9 Instant messaging

9.1 We may allow certain instant messaging functionality between users of Kano World, including the ability to send or receive private messages.  You acknowledge and agree that you shall not misuse this functionality and will comply with the terms of this agreement at all times.

9.2 You also acknowledge and agree that any such private messages: (i) are not completely private and shall be stored, and will be accessible by Kano and its employees, agents and representatives; and (ii) may be disclosed by Kano if required by law or any order of the court or any relevant regulatory body.

10 NO WARRANTY

10.1 Use of Kano World is at your own risk. Kano World is provided on an “as is” basis. Kano does not warrant or guarantee that Kano World and all or part of its contents will be always available or that its use will not be interrupted.

10.2 You acknowledge that Kano World may not be free of bugs or errors and you agree that the existence of any minor errors shall not constitute a breach of this agreement.

11 Representations, warranties and INDEMNITY

11.1 You hereby represent and warrant to Kano that:

(a) any Content that you upload to Kano World, and each and every part thereof, is an original work by you, or you have obtained all rights, licences, consents and permissions necessary in order to use, and (where relevant) to authorise Kano to use the Content pursuant to this agreement, including, without limitation, the right to upload, reproduce, store, transmit, distribute, share, publically display, publicly perform, make available and otherwise communicate to the public the Content;

(b) the Content does not and will not infringe or breach the rights of any third party, including, without limitation, any intellectual property rights, rights of privacy, or rights in confidential information;

(c) you have obtained any and all necessary consents, permissions and/or releases from any and all persons appearing in the Content in order to include there name and/or image in the Content and to publish the same on Kano World;

(d) the Content, including any comments that you may post on the Website, is not and will not be unlawful, offensive, abusive, libellous, defamatory, obscene, racist, sexually explicit, ethnically or culturally offensive, indecent, will not promote violence, terrorism, or illegal acts, or incite hatred on grounds of race, gender, religion or sexual orientation;

(e) the Content does not and will not create any liability on the part of Kano, its subsidiaries, affiliates, successor, and assignees, and their respective employees, agents, directors, officers and/or shareholders;

(f) you act as the properly appointed and fully authorised agent of any organisation that you register to your account.

11.2 Kano reserves the right to remove the Content, suspend or terminate your access to Kano World and/or pursue all legal remedies if we believe (in our sole discretion) that any of the Content breaches this agreement or otherwise infringes another person’s rights or violates any law, rule or regulation.

11.3 You hereby agree to indemnify defend and hold harmless Kano, its subsidiaries, successors, assignees, affiliates, agents, directors, officers, employees and shareholders from and against any and all claims obligations, damages, losses, expenses, and costs, including reasonable legal fees, resulting from:

(a) any breach by you of this agreement;

(b) any third party claim of infringement of copyright or other intellectual property rights or tortious claim arising from the hosting of the Content on Kano World, and/or your making available thereof to other users of Kano World, and/or the actual use of the Content by other users of Kano World in accordance with this agreement;

(c) any activity related to your account, be it by you or by any other person accessing your account with or without your consent unless such activity was cause by the act or default of Kano.

12 Liability for content

12.1 You hereby acknowledge and agree that Kano

(a) stores Content and other information at the direction, request and with the authorisation of its users,

(b) acts merely as a passive conduit and/or host for the uploading storage and distribution of such Content, and

(c) plays no active role and gives no assistance in the presentation or use of the Content

12.2 You are solely responsible for all of the Content that you upload, post or distribute to, on or through Kano World, and to the extent permissible by law, Kano excludes all liability with respect to Content and the activities of users.

12.3 You hereby acknowledge and agree that Kano cannot and does not review the Content created or uploaded by its users, and neither Kano nor its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns, employees, agents, directors, officers and shareholders has any obligation, and does not undertake or assume any duty, to monitor Kano World for Content that is inappropriate, that does not or might infringe any third party rights, or has otherwise been uploaded in breach of this agreement or applicable law.  However, you can notify us of any inappropriate or infringing Content by flagging such Content on Kano World.

12.4 Kano and its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns, employees, agents, directors, officers and shareholders hereby exclude, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all liability which may arise from any Content uploaded to Kano World by users.

13 Kano’S LIABILITY

13.1 Nothing in this agreement excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by English law.

13.2 To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to Kano World or any content on it, whether express or implied.

13.3 Subject to clause 10.1, Kano’s maximum aggregate liability under or in connection with this agreement, or any collateral contract, whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, shall in all circumstances be limited to a sum equal to [£100].

13.4 Subject to clause 10.1, we will not be liable to any user for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:

(a) use of, or inability to use, Kano World;

(b) any changes that Kano may make to Kano World or any part thereof;

(c) any action taken against you by a third party with respect to any alleged infringement of such third party’s rights relating to the Content or your use of Kano World;

(d) any errors or omissions in Kano World’s technical operation, or from any inaccuracy or defect in any Content or any information relating to the Content;

(e) your failure to provide Kano with accurate or complete information, or your failure to keep your email address or password suitable confidential;

(f) any loss or damage to any computer hardware or software, any loss of data (including the Content), or any loss or damage from any security breach;

(g) any loss of profits, consequential or special loss; or

(h) use of or reliance on any content displayed on Kano World.

13.5 We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus, distributed denial-of-service attack, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of Kano World or to your downloading of any content on it, or on any website linked to it.

13.6 We assume no responsibility for the content of websites linked on Kano World. Such links should not be interpreted as endorsement by us of those linked websites. We will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.

14 TERMINATION

14.1 Either party may terminate this agreement immediately and without notice to the other party.  You may terminate this agreement by deleting your account and refraining to use Kano World.

14.2 Upon termination for any reason:

(a) all rights granted to you under this agreement shall cease;

(b) you must cease all activities authorised by this agreement; and

(c) you must immediately delete your account and cease using Kano World and certify to us that you have done so.

15 TRANSFER OF RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS

15.1 This agreement is binding on you and us and on our respective successors and assignees.

15.2 You may not transfer, assign, charge or otherwise dispose of this agreement, or any of your rights or obligations arising under it, without our prior written consent.

15.3 Kano may assign, charge, novate or otherwise dispose of this agreement without our prior written consent.

16 GENERAL TERMS

Entire Agreement

16.1 This agreement and any document expressly referred to in it constitutes the whole agreement between us and supersedes any previous discussions, correspondence, arrangements or understandings between us.

Survival

16.2 The provisions of this agreement that are intended by their nature to survive the termination or cancellation of this agreement.

Severability

16.3 Should one or more provision of this agreement be found to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, such provision(s) shall be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and/or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this agreement, which will remain in full force and effect.

Third Party Rights

16.4 This agreement are not intended to give rights to anyone except you and Kano. No one other Kano or you shall have any right to enforce any of its terms.  This does not affect our right to transfer our rights or obligations to a third party as described in the Assignment to Third Parties section.

Law and Jurisdiction

16.5 This agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.

16.6 Any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with this agreement will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.

17 CONTACT US

To contact us, please email privacy@kano.me
